networkSpeed              = medium
networkMTU                = 1400
displayDamage             = true
quickBuy                  = true
itemComparison            = true
extraRollovers            = true
lockItemPickup            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
mapZoom                   = 73.6
importedCharacters        = true
backupCharacters          = true
textureQuality            = high
shadowQuality             = high
shadows                   = true
reflectionQuality         = high
detailLevel               = high
resolution                = 1920 1080
antiAliasing              = false
fullscreen                = true
syncToRefresh             = true
tripleBuffer              = false
cameraShake               = true
detailObjects             = true
advancedEffects           = true
brightness                = 0.5
contrast                  = 0.5
gamma                     = 0.558511
ScaleUI                   = low
HudType                   = 0
GameSpeed                 = medium
masterVolume              = 0.521008
musicVolume               = 0.516807
effectsVolume             = 0.289916
dialogVolume              = 0.378151
inputVolume               = 0.5
ambientFrequency          = medium
rockOn                    = false
speakerType               = medium
device                    = Direct3D
language                  = "English"
datapath                  = ""
systemfont                = "Cambria"
useSingleProcessorMode    = false
skipCompatibilityChecks   = false
useArchives               = true
